
1 - Write a C program which produces its own source code as its output.
Explanation: print it's source code as an output.

2 - Write a C program to find largest among three numbers.
Explanation: Compare and print largest Number.

3 - Check if the given string is shuffled substring of another sting.
Explanation: Given string str1 and str2. The task is to find that if str1 is substring in shuffled form of str2 or not.
print shuffled string if found in str1. else print "SHUFFLED STRING NOT FOUND".

ex1: 

Input: str1 = "Acevin solutions 123" .
       str2 = "Address is solution 123 Acevin world."

Output: "solution 123 Acevin".


ex2:

Input: str1 = "Yellow Rose"
	   str2 = "Rose"

Output: "SHUFFLED STRING NOT FOUND"

* As length of Str1 is greater than str2. str1 is not a Substring of str2.

3 - Check if the given string is suffled substring of another string.( without Space/NOT fixed formate)
Explanation: Same as above.

ex1:
   Input: str1 = "onetwofour"
          str2 = "hellofourtwooneworld"

   Output: fourtwoone
   
*Hint: Sort both the strings and compare the sorted string.           


4 - Write a C program to swapping of two integer arrays.

5 - Write a C program to swapping of two string.

6- Write a C program to store Name and 10 digits mobile number of 20 users (Use 3 dimentional character array)

7- Write a C program to search and print Namea and mobile Number from above database.

8- Write a C progrm to sort the users in ascending order according to their Names.

9- Add a user at it's position (according to ascending order), in above database.

10- Search and Delete an user's entry from above database (search with Name/Mobile_No).

11 - store above database in a file.

12 - Read database from a file.

13- Write a C program to Convert decimal number to binary number. (Don't use predefined function)

14- Write a C program to convert decimal number to hexadecimal number.(Don't use predefined function)

15- Write a C program to convert number in word.(100 as "One Hundred", 10 as "Ten",120 as"One Hundred Twenty")

16- Write a C program to convert the string from upper case to lower case.

17- Write a C program to convert the stirng from lower case to upper case.

18- Write a C program to delete the all consonants from given string.

19- Wrtie a C program to sort the characters of a string.

20- Wrire a C program to concatenation two strings without using string.h header file.

21- Write a C program to find the length of a string using pointer.

22- Write a C program to reverse a string.

23- Write a C program to compare two  strings without using predefined function.

24- Write a C program to Copy a string without using predefined function.

25 - Write a C program to open a file and write some test and close it.

26 - Write a C program to delete a file.

27 - Write a C program to copy file from location to other location.

28 - Write a C program copy a data of file to other file.

29 - Wrtie a C program which display source code as a output.

30 - Write a C program which write string in the file

31 - Write a C program which writes array in the file.

32 - Write a C program to find out size of any file.

33 - Write a C program to know file type of file.

34 - Write a C program to know permission of any file.

35 - Write a C program to know last date of midification of any file.

36 - Write a C program to find out largest element of an array.

37 - Write a C program which deletes the duplicate element of an array.

38 - Write a C program for delete an element at desired position in an array.

39 - Write a C program for insert and element at desired position in an arrayy.

40 - Write a C program to find largest and smallest number in an array.

41 - Write a C program for concatenation two string using pointer.

42 - Write a C program to swap two nibbles in a byte?

43 - Write a program to add a node in a single link list,to print the list, to delete a node form a list, also search a node 
     with Lamp_NO.
     use Dynamic memory allocations to creat a node. Write different functions for add,print and delete and search, pass the structure as an argument to this functions for call by reference. 

Explanation: creat a node with elements as given bellow.
              struct
              {
                 uint8_t Lamp_NO;
                 uint8_t Mobile_No[12];
                 uint8_t Location[20];
              }stLamp_Detail_t;     

 44 - Write a program to convert Epoch counter in a date and time formate.

 45 - Write a program to convert date and time in Epoch counter.

 46 - write a user define ascii to integer converter.( Don't use predefine functions)

 47 - Write a user define ascii to Hex data converter.(Don't use predefine functions)

 48 - Write a user define ascii to float data converter.(Don't use predefine functions)

 49 - Write a user define integer to ascii data converter.(Don't use predefine functions)

 50 - Write a user define Hex to ascii data converter. (Don't use predefine functions)

 51 - Write a user define float to ascii data converter. (Don't use predefine functions)

 52 - Write a program to calculate CRC of 32 bit data. (Don't use predefine functions)

 53 - Write a program to calculate Checksum of 32 bit data. (Don't use predefine functions)



NOTE: Creat a function( with proper arguments and returns ) in every program. So that we can use these functions in our real time projects,directly.